hello my name is Steven and today I'm
going to talk about The Twilight Saga
New Moon on her 18th birthday Bella Swan
awakens from a dream where she is an old
woman and Edward Cullen her immortal
vampire boyfriend is forever 17 years
old despite her lack of enthusiasm
Edwards family hosts a small birthday
party for Bella
while unwrapping a gift Bella receives a
paper cut
Edwards foster brother Jasper
overwhelmed by the scent of Bella's
blood attempts to attack her but his
restraint believing that he and his
family are putting Bella's life in
danger it would ends their relationship
and the Cullens leave Forks Bella is
left severely depressed and isolated for
months
her concerned father Charlie wants Bella
to live with her mother in Jacksonville
Florida
Bella refuses and promises to spend more
time with her school friends and she and
Jessica see a movie after Bella
approaches some rough-looking bikers
outside the theatre much to Jessica's
consternation the dicey encounter
reminds Bella of a previous near assault
where Edward rescued her she imagines
seeing and hearing Edward and realizes
that thrill-seeking activities can evoke
his preserved image Bella's Quileute
friend Jacob black helps ease her pain
by engaging her in various activities
jacob mentions how many of his tribal
friends are now controlled by sam and
other Quileute while attending a movie
with Bella and Mike Jacob abruptly
leaves after becoming inexplicably angry
and suffering a burning fever Bella
drives to Jacobs home after he avoids
seeing her Jacob has cut his long hair
and now has the same Quileute tattoo on
his upper right arm as Sam and other
tribe members when Bella hikes to the
meadow that she and Edward often visited
she is confronted by Victoria's vampire
companion Lauren as he is about to kill
her a wolf pack appears and attack him
Bella eventually discovers that Jacob
and the other tribe members are
shapeshifters who phase into giant
wolves their age-old enemy of vampires
though it treaty exists between the
Cullens and the tribe Jacob's pack
members are currently on alert for
Victoria the vampire seeking to avenge
her mate
James who Edward killed to protect Bella
with Jacob focused on adapting to his
new shape-shifting powers Bella again
finds herself alone and returns to
seeking thrill inducing activities
deliberately oblivious to Victoria's
presence through a series of
miscommunications Edward beliefs that
Bella has killed herself after Alice has
a vision of Bella jumping off a seaside
cliff distraught Edward travels to Italy
to ask the Volturi a powerful coven that
act as vampiric overlords to end his
life as he is incapable of doing this
himself when they refuse his request he
plans to force their hand by exposing
himself as a vampire to humans during a
large festival meanwhile Alice Edwards
sister returns to Forks and his shot
that Bella is alive Alice and Bella
traveled to Italy to save Edward
arriving in time to prevent his
revealing himself as a vampire Edward
relieved Bella is alive explains he only
left Forks to protect her and promises
never to leave again impressed by a
human's willingness to sacrifice her
life for a vampire
the Volturi determined the fella who
knows that vampires exist must neither
be killed or be transformed into a
vampire
Alice shares her vision of Bella as a
vampire with Aurra a Volturi elder able
to rig thoughts through touch after
returning to Forks Bella asks the
columns to vote on her becoming a
vampire only Edward and Rosalie vote no
later Jacob reminds Edward that the
years old treaty with quill youth will
be broken if any Cullen bites a human
bellow tells Jacob it is her choice the
movie concludes with Edward telling
Bella that he will change her into a
vampire if Bella marries him thank you
all for watching don't forget to
subscribe and hit the bell notification
for more of these videos
[Music]